== Rails Examples

Rails Examples is a Rails 3.0 (pre) application that has a bunch of examples
showing the use of various new Rails Plugin API.

Currently, each of the files inside of app/models is a class that exercises
a single aspect of the Active Model API.

The example models are meant to be minimalistic implementations, and try also
to only use one aspect of Active Model at a time.  Sometimes this is not possible,
for example, ErrorsPerson shows how to use the ActiveModel::Errors class, but
also uses ActiveModel::Naming.

This repository is a full Rails 3.0 (pre) application.  The intention is to
add more and more self contained examples to this as we go, showing how to use
Active Model.

You can interact with this application from the Rails console after cloning
it from Git and vendoring the latest version of Rails like so:

  git clone http://github.com/mikel/rails-examples
  cd active_model_examples
  git clone git://github.com/rails/rails.git vendor/rails
  gem bundle
  ruby script/console

You should then be able to test out the new Active Model examples as per
the Active Model docs:

  light = TrafficLight.new
  light.current_state         #=> :red
  light.change_color!
  light.current_state         #=> :green
  
  person = ErrorsPerson.new
  person.validate!
  person.erros.full_messages  #=> ["name can not be nil"]

  person = DirtyPerson.new
  person.changed?             #=> false
  person.name = "Mikel"
  person.changed?             #=> true
  person.changes              #=> {"name"=>[nil, "Mikel"]}

Feel free to send me other examples you feel need